DOCS-7334 API Groups (#106)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-request-access.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

To register a client application to an existing API or API Group asset, the client application

> must first request access. When the request is approved by the asset owner, a

Reviewer: "asset owner"
actually in this case the correct word would be "Instances (be it for APIs or API Groups)"

Author: Got it! Fixed.

> contract is created between the client application and the asset, and the client

Reviewer: same here, the contract is between an application and an instance (either API or API Group instance)

Author: Got it! Fixed.

application is registered.

> Assets that are protected by a client ID enforcement policy require client

Reviewer: "Instances (be it for APIs or API Groups)"

Author: Fixed.

applications to provide a client ID and optional client secret. The client ID and client
secret credentials are automatically created when the client application is
registered.

> An asset owner can use API Manager to view all API contracts ever created for an

Reviewer: An ~asset~ instance owner

Author: Fixed.

> API instance or API Group instance. An API or API Group consumer can use Exchange's *My Applications* page to view

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
API instance or API Group instance. An API or API Group consumer can use the Exchange *My Applications* page to view
```

terms before access is granted, and the created contract includes the terms and
conditions.

. Click an API or API Group asset to view more details.
. Click *Request Access*.

> . Choose the API instance or API Group instance from the list.

Reviewer: Maybe we can say (to avoid redundancy):
Choose the desired instance from the list

Author: Much better! Fixed.

. If you are using an existing application, choose from the list of applications.
+

> An application and its asset instance use the same client provider. If an organization administrator has configured xref:api-manager::configure-multiple-credential-providers.adoc[multiple client providers] in Anypoint API Manager, then the application list shows only the applications that use the same client provider as the selected asset instance.

Reviewer: `asset instance` is a term we don't use. We go with "asset" for the thing that lives in Exchange, or "instance" for the thing that lives in API Manager and has contracts. (The same way an "exchange-asset" has a type, the "api-manager-instance" can be of type "api" or "api-group")

Author: That makes perfect sense! Updated to fix this.

. If you do not have an application to which to provide access, click *Select application > Create a new application*. 
+
See the section "Create a New Application" for more information.
. Choose the service-level agreement (SLA) value for the application.
. Click Request Access.
+

> The Request API Access menu opens to show that the access was automatically granted or submitted for review. This screen lists the client ID and client secret for this access instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Request API Access* menu opens to show that the access was automatically granted or submitted for review. This screen lists the client ID and client secret for this access instance.
```

> The Request API Access menu opens to show that the asset access was successful. This screen lists the client ID and client secret for this asset access instance.

Reviewer: "show that the ~asset~ access was ~succesful~ automatically granted or submitted for review"

Author: Fixed.

> == API Groups

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY attempt to reword topic titles so that they are more precise to the actual content, and not vague:
```suggestion
== API Group Access
```
OR
```suggestion
== Access to API Groups
```
OR
```suggestion
== Types of API Group Access
```

> In Exchange, each API Group is an asset with a portal. A *Group instances* page on the portal lists all of that API Group's instances.

Reviewer 2: Are API groups always public?
```suggestion
In Exchange, each API Group is an asset with a portal. The *Group instances* page on the portal lists all of that API Group's instances.
```

Author: No, API Groups may be either private and visible internally, or public and visible externally. I'll update to clarify this.

> When a developer requests access to the API Group for a client application, the developer selects an API Group instance, selects or creates a client application, and may optionally select a service-level agreement (SLA).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a developer requests access to the API Group for a client application, the developer selects an API Group instance, selects or creates a client application, and optionally selects a service-level agreement (SLA).
```

> A client application can have access to an API through multiple contracts, including contracts with only that API, and contracts with one or more API Groups that include the API. In this case, the least restrictive available contract for the API is applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A client application can access an API either through a contract with only that API or through a contract with one or more API Groups that include the API. In this latter case, the least restrictive available contract for the API is applied.
```
